Release 1.11.1 (#733)
astronomer/astronomer-providers: CHANGELOG.rst

Changelog
=========

1.11.1 (2022-10-27)
-------------------

Bug Fixes
"""""""""

> - Fix AWS session token to be consider while AWS secrete and access key is passed via the connection UI field

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix AWS session token to be considered while AWS secret and access key is passed via the connection UI field
```

Author: Fixed

Changelog
=========

1.11.1 (2022-10-28)
-------------------

Bug Fixes
"""""""""

- Fix AWS session token to be considered while AWS secret and access key passed via the connection UI field
  (`#730 <https://github.com/astronomer/astronomer-providers/pull/730>`_)
- Fix the return response key of SageMaker Training and Transform Operator

>   (`#737 <https://github.com/astronomer/astronomer-providers/pull/737>`_)

Reviewer 2: These descriptions need to be more user-centric

Author: Fixed
